anas hummingbirds live in high country
forests year-round with few other
flowers yet in bloom
this female depends on the snow plants
nectar for fuel and the plants exploit
this dependency they need help spreading
their pollen using nectar as a bribe the
plants ensure many visits from both
female hummingbirds and brightly colored
males who unwittingly collect pollen as
they feed as the birds move around the
forest they carry the pollen with them
and so help fertilize the flowers
[Music]
all this hovering can be exhausting when
a feisty Rufous hummingbird tries to
muscle in things are nasty
[Music]
the smaller hummingbird is quickly run
out of town but he's already drained
most of these flowers so his attacker
must move on
you